Exercise 1 
Describe object oriented programming (OOP)? 
In terms of programming, objects are considered to contain data and code. Several objects can be created and interact with one another.

                              
What is inheritance? 
In java, inheritance occurs when a (child) class has been created based upon a (parent) class.
the  child class inherits methods/ fields that are defined by the parent class, you are also able to add more methods to the child class.

What is multiple inheritance? 
A child class can inherit from more than one parent class which is organised in a lattice. 

                                                     
What is Encapsulation? 
Encapsulation is the ability to make fields within a class either private or open to public access. Therefore encapsulation is the ability to hide fields from interference. 
Additionally, the encapsulation mechanism is used to combine both variables and methods together to produce a single unit. 
                      
                                           
What is Abstraction? 
Abstraction is used to only shows the essential features of the object. At a design level abstraction is used to show what
the object does rather than how it works. 
                      
                      EXAMPLE
An example of Abstraction- When you are using a calculator you receieve the answer, but you dont recieve the calculation that gets you to the answer.                   
                                        
What is polymorphism? 
In java, polymorphism allows for us to process different objects of various classes and types this is done using a single uniform interface. 
there are two forms of polymorphism which are static binding and dynamic binding. 

      Static binding- is the binding of static, private and final methods which is done during compile time. 
      
      Dynamic binding- is a process which implements a polymorphic method at run time. 

                      EXAMPLE 
 An example of polymorphism- two idential twins may look the same but they express different characterstics.             
           
